https://codepen.io/mhooks/pen/dypgzxr?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and the
Copy n push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  
        Tags that describe the content inside
    2. What is HTML used for?  
        To store the content and some of the design of webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        attributes go inside of elements to provide additional info
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The main title for the page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        links to style sheets, page titles
    7. What is an id? 
        a way to point to an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        Any elements can have an id added
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class?
        a way to point to an element 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        any elements 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as desired
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        include target = "_blank" within the opening a tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        to describe the image 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        with # before the id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        sections are for groupings of content while divs are more generic for grouping of blocks on a webpage
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        to style a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        They are similar but class should be used when you want to use it more than once. an ID is for a specific element that is only used once.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            to select elements in other parents 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            pseudo selectors are activated during specific states
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            css style line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            css letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            capitals - uppercase, lowercase - lowercase Capitalize - first letter capitalized
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            border = 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /* ---sdsd ---- */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm - there is no warning so if you delete the wrong thing you are in trouble.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
            it 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
            a few times a day
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 

   Task 3: Stretch
Stretch Review questions: 
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default 
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? Stretch Git Tasks

 While the processes learned here will set you up to be successful in most situations, they are just the tip of the iceberg in learning Git. Independently research the following topics to learn more about Git.

 Research and understand what a merge conflict is and how to resolve it.
 Research the Git commands pull, rebase, merge. These commands will allow you to bring in changes that other developers push to the main branch.
 Research the Git commands reset , revert, clean. These commands will allow you to go back and amends previous commits you have made.
 Research and set up a Graphical User Interface (GUI) Git console.

 Research and setup SSH keys with GitHub, so that you do not need to input your username/password each time you push.